How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Viewing the difference between two versions helped me spot the bug
    by listing out the lines with differences in the versions.
    This narrowed down my search to only lines with differences.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    This could help me reverting back to a more stable version of a code with newly
    created bugs.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    The pros are that you have the control of creating logical commits that can be
    made sense of when looking back at your commit history.

    The cons are that this is subject to human error since it is done manually.
    You can forget to commit at the appropriate time or even over commit.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    This is because systems like GIT are tailored for developers where some logical
    changes are tied to more than one file. Systems like Google Docs are document based,
    and focus on changes made in a single document.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

   You can use git log to get details of the commits with their messages and then
   use git diff to see details of the lines added or deleted between two commit IDs
   gotten from the git log.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Version control makes you more confident in makiing changes that could break
    something by giving you the ability to switch between the state of any previous
    commits.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I want to try using git for managing some of my test web applications.